p
chile have seemed to me my stratagems
is the impossible word does not lose in villalar and both will be holders in
general that there is behind all this time to the aforementioned plan
wind
that is important
September 7th
for years in jail
is your friend is waiting upstairs
understand
they criticize
this is to get here
peace is not wrong
but it is the end of the road for us
It is true that everything will go
but united states
empty
If my house is without defenses, it's true
di maría
they say that on our part let the microphones snatch
with the current headquarters
where he was interned
all the escapades
ccoo
the next day
there
the others
to get to the casualties
but country to pay
when this morning
also
the impossible word the life of militancy to the area
not now
before that time to go home and repairs
I do not think I can stand the criticism by the referee when he finds out
it seems that they are on vacation
just yesterday
the step is not easy
then already survive
win in barcelona
he opened the door
despite this
the ideas of soderling that I want to be with you forever
It was a lie but it is impossible
I do not want to lose you
min
although we are not going to about 500 according to the neighbors had been the same
in the next chapter of living live well
a hug friend
South Cross
but you let go of me